and as the saying goes, silver brings more
silver and talking about big business that
they started four young ecuadorians has
been really a success plug tve is
one of the most watched programs of
youtube they started to tease and
satirize everyday situations and have
got those videos have been
reproduced 150 million times in a
year let's see what the success lies
of this right
by itself
these videos are breaking schemes
on youtube and in a short time they have
become the most viewed of
Latin America
and I do not play my ball nor do I plan
so they've managed to get between
the first comedy videos in the
social networks this is plug tv a
program created by four young people
Ecuadorians who have become a
mass phenomenon
to anyone
leonardo robalino jorge ulloa martín
dominguez and cristian I will have the
great idea to satirize situations
everyday and hang them on youtube videos
have reproduced around 150
millions of times in just one year this
for example, it ends the illusion of
first time of a teenager
do not delay, you go out
well I'm ready to lose my
virginity with you I just wanted to take out
my dad's car
this video has got more than 4
million visits in a month from
then we can not stop mentioning the
sketch children game where a daddy
brings the surprise in your life to believe
that will play the guerrilla is an innocent
practice of children imagine that you are
there will be a tank already in front of you there
a lever that pulls the lever
and seats
but how did tv plug always start
we have this stigma of having to do
a movie us as a sign
I expected a lot of time to put a
lots of whims like cinema like
filmmakers and we found this platform
give us a lot of space
opportunity that is the internet then
there was born plug tere put our
day-to-day site
video and on this platform the language
simple and colloquial that they use in their
stories has allowed them to win
tremendous popularity getting by
example that a million people a day
enter your channel on youtube in
facebook around half a million
people have given him a like
for 5 who is holding the hand but
that does not mean anything health field is
caught super strong and state reich is
better easier to erase everything lies
the creators of tv plug are not
improvised on the subject all were
cinema and acting and the quality of their
parodies that impact in colombia
argentina mexico and of course in
our country that adds to the wave of
the plugged
once
and making forgetfulness lie of being
I know 20
and every Sunday they release a new video and
they are so successful that now they rain
proposals of television channels in
ecuador ' offers that have rejected
the format with which it was conceived is
exclusively for social networks
already
do not
even when nothing of the other world
forgive me I do not hear you very well my life
tell me more about the title
he knows the code of retardants says
this is expected very fast
please code cancer condoms 4
code condoms retardants box 4 here
there is the code
and retardants
the immigration tender
is the monastery
after laces I told you laces for
many the secret to success lies in
that the situations shown in
the pacifier v respond to the likes of
the new generations and of course
talent of its creators who will continue
perhaps surprising this year
even with a foray into the cinema